hello world!
I am amit & I am learing to code in python...
Right now I am in my 1st year of college.

Actually the irony in my college is all of my teachers are telling me that do focus on syllabus and don't know what to do with that and that syllabus for me is like a crunch of only 2 days.
Whenever I tell my teachers that currently I am learing this and that language or coding IDK what happens to them but there faces seems like they dont even understand a sigle word whatever I ama sayin to the.As you all know all the fingers are not same hence here in my college there a few teachers who supports me. It would be my pleasure to name such amazing teacher!Mr. Divyanshu Wagh sir - He is such a great teacher who teaches me each and everything and really his actions me everytime whenever he gives me some unique ideaUmmm...there are other 1, 2 teacher who supports me in doing decision making but they are not like Divyanshu wagh sirbut..but..but..I don't even care what they are saying because i have my greatest supporter whos hands all upon me whenever I feel that I am alone i.e. 'my papa'right now I am in my 1st year of college.Actually the irony in my college is all of my teachers are telling me that do focus on syllabus and don't knwo what to do with that and that syllabus for me is like a crunch of only 2 days.Whenever I tell my teachers that currently I am learing this and that language or coding IDK what happens to them but there faces seems like they dont even understand a sigle word whatever I ama sayin to the.As you all know all the fingers are not same hence here in my college there a few teachers who supports me. It would be my pleasure to name such amazing teacher!Mr. Divyanshu Wagh sir - He is such a great teacher who teaches me each and everything and really his actions me everytime whenever he gives me some unique ideaUmmm...there are other 1, 2 teacher who supports me in doing decision making but they are not like Divyanshu wagh sirbut..but..but..I don't even care what they are saying because i have my greatest supporter whos hands all upon me whenever I feel that I am alone i.e. 'my papa'